[Narrator] Last time, on Dragon
Ball Kai!
The first full moon Gohan had
ever seen transformed him
into a fearsome Saiyan Ape. In
this wild and savage form,
Gohan's powers posed a threat
to friend and foe alike,
so to put an end
to the rampage,
Piccolo destroyed the moon.
He then removed Gohan's tail,
the source of his Saiyan power.
[Piccolo] I've already
done more
for you than I intended.
I don't have time to
baby-sit any longer.
[Narrator] Now, after six short
months,
Gohan's real training
begins--today!
♪ energetic rock music ♪
♪ Mystries abound, made of a
deep energy. ♪
♪ Foes all around, but I will
go, fearless and free. ♪
♪ I'll give you strength. ♪
♪ You give me love, thats
how we'll live. ♪
♪ My courage won't fade. ♪
♪ If you're with me, my
enemies will never win. ♪
♪ We will fight for love and
glory. ♪
♪ We will live to tell the
story. ♪
♪ There is nothing we can't live
through. ♪
♪ Nothing ever dies, we will
rise again. ♪
♪ Don't stop! Don't stop! We're
in luck now. ♪
♪ Don't stop! There's
so much to be found. ♪
♪ We can find paradise. ♪
♪ All we have to do is go, go,
free your soul ♪ .
♪ Dragon soul! ♪
[Narrator] The End
of Snake Way!
King Kai's Bizarre Test
[birds chirping]
[snoring]
[stomach growling]
food.
♪ playful music ♪
[laughing]
Alright!
[dinosaur growl]
Oh, hi... It's you again.. Back
for more, huh?
[roar]
[chomp]
You missed me!
[laughing]
[crash]
Good.. He's improving faster
than I'd thought.
[heavy breathing]
[Goku] Phew! How
much farther is
it to King Kai's place?
♪ happy music ♪
Tell ya what, with all of us
training together like this..
those Saiyans don't
even stand a chance.
That's right.. We'll
be ready for 'em..
'Specially after we
train with Kami.
You've managed to
survive for six months.
And I can see you've
learned a lot in that time.
But.. you're still
not a fighter.
Your real training
begins.. now! Ready?
What's wrong?
Never lose sight of your target!
I couldn't see you; you
were moving too fast.
Your eyes will lie..
Try to feel it.
I did feel it.
That's the problem...
[Goku] Aw. I was sure I'd be
able to see the end by now!
Oh man.
[fight sounds]
Hey, all right!
I reached the tail!Woo hoo!
I really did it!
Wheeeee!
[Goku] There's nothing here!
You have got to be kidding me!
What's that up there?
Thats it!
That must be where King Kai
lives, it's just gotta be!
Yahoooooo!
This is the place.. I made it!
Hey!.. What's the matter with
the ground here?
This is crazy...! The more I
try to fight against it,
the harder it seems to
pull me back down!
It's... no use!... My..
body feels like it's completely
filled with lead!
I came this far.. I can't give
up!.. Just a little more...
[Goku] Almost there!.. I've
got.. to get.. to King Kai!
Come on, Goku...! You
can do it!...
Keep going!..
One step at a time!
But before I keep going..
I should get a bite to eat.
You must be King Kai, right?..
You're not really
was I expected.
[monkey sounds]
[Goku] Well, he's
supposed to be the best.
Greetings great master King
Kai... My name is Goku,
and I've traveled a great
distance to meet you.
I must learn of your martial
arts. Please Mr. King Kai,
I really beg of you... I mean,
if you're not too busy.
[monkey sounds]
So that's the training, huh?
I guess he wants me to
do whatever he does.
Hey, King Kai.. why do I feel
so heavy in this place?..
I- Is this supposed to
help me with that?
Oh yeah right, monkey noises.
[monkey noises]
[King Kai] Hey.. That looks
fun.. Can I try?
[Kai] Looks like I've got a
weird one on my hands.
Hey.. That looks fun..
Can I try?
Hey.. Wait a sec.. Who are
you supposed to be?
Who, am I?
Well, now!... If you're
itching for a laugh...
Speaking of which...
I'm your guy!
I'm King Kai!
But.. then.. who's that?
Him?.. Oh, that's just my
pet monkey, Bubbles.
Right! I thought he was you!
Funny, huh?
I'd say you're more 'odd' than
'funny.' I'm funny.
I'm sure you gathered that from
my clever little rhyme there..
It's not too late to
laugh if you need to.
Laugh?.. At what?
I see... Poor boy.. You're
delirious from your journey.
Hm. I guess I shouldn't have led
with the high-brow stuff...
Tell you what, I'll try again.
Something a little bit
more.. up your alley.
[imitation of a ringing
telephone]
Hold on!.. It's King Kai..
Can I help you?...
What?!.. My refrigerator?..
Yes, it runs!
[laughing]
Hilarious!
Yeah?... What is?
Oh... What did you
come here for, anyway?
Oh, well... I was told
you were the best, sir.
So I was hoping you
would train me!
Train you?
♪ rock music ♪
[fight sounds]
You call that defending?!
You're worthless in battle
unless you can control
your energy! Now get
back up and try again!
[laughing]
Train, huh?.. If you're
serious.. then okay.
I am serious!
However! You have to pass
my test.. before we start.
Yes.. You must tell a clever
joke that will make me laugh..
But I should warn you my sense
of humor is very refined.
What?! I've never
told a joke in my life!
Well, you'll have to try
if you want to train
under a Master like me.
And make it a good one!
Something I've never
heard before.
Well?.. Come on...
Of course, if this is
too hard for you..
you can head back
home right now!
The.. clock said...
My hands are tied!
Like.. a clock's hands?..
That's not bad...
[Goku] It's working...!
A harp...Is a naked piano!
I sold my car.. for gas money!
[laughing]
Wow...! I did it!..
You laughed!..
That means you have to train me!
C'mon, we had a deal, right?!
Sold my car.. for gas money!..
Ridiculous!
I know you said you'd
never told a joke..
but you're pretty good at this!
You passed the test.
I will train you..
Now, for your first lesson
I'll tell you..
my best joke yet!
Uh... But.. I passed..
We're done..
Can't we start the
martial arts stuff now?
You're here.. for
martial arts?...
Why didn't you say so
in the first place?
Fine!.. Try coming at me...
I hope you're as good at
fighting as you are at comedy.
What's wrong?
Sorry, it's just.. ever
since I got here..
my body feels so heavy, I'm
sorta having a hard time moving.
Where did you come
from, anyway?..
Oh yeah, Earth, right?
Yeah, uh-hm
Well, no wonder you
feel so heavy..
The gravity on this planet's
a lot stronger than what
you're used to.. Ten times
stronger, in fact..
It's amazing you're
standing at all!
Do you?.. You're not following
me are you?
Okay, lets try something else.
Just as high as you can.
Man. It's no use..
I can barely
get myself off the ground!
[Kai] Ten times his own planet's
gravity and he can still jump
that high? Impressive.. This guy
shows some promise.
[Kai] Before we begin,
I'll need to work out
your training regimen.
How long do you plan
on staying here?
Well.. I'm not sure how many
days I was on Snake Way,
but I don't think I have
that much time..
See.. the Saiyans are on
their way to my planet.
When they get there, everyone I
know is in a lot of trouble..
Nobody on Earth is powerful
enough to stand up to them..
So.. that's why I need to
spend every single second
I have left training
to beat them!
The Saiyans, huh?..
They're a nasty bunch.
I sure wouldn't want to tangle
with them... (hm hm) No sir...
But we still need to know
how much time you have..
Let me check and see where
the Saiyans are now.
[Kai] No doubt about
it. That's them alright.
Judging by their speed
and current location,
I'd say they're due to
arrive on Earth in...
One hundred and
fifty eight days.
That soon?!.. But how could you
possibly be able to tell that?
These antennae get all
the channels, baby!..
Like a TV?.. Get it?
[laughing]
I just couldn't
help being funny!
If you don't have a sense of
humor...I will not train you.
[laughing] Oh, I get it now!
Good.
But.. If you're sure
they'll get to Earth
in a hundred and
fifty eight days,
I don't have enough
time!.. Do I?
Well.. I'd like more..
but I still think we'll
be able to make it work.
Really?
Think of it this way,
it's like the gravity..
Everything is multiplied here..
One hundred fifty-eight days
with me is worth years of
training back on Earth.
That's awesome!
However...
Even the best training
doesn't guarantee
that you'll beat the Saiyans..
Just know that now...
In particular, the two who are
on their way to Earth are among
the strongest and most ruthless
warriors in the universe...
To be perfectly frank..
these Saiyans are even
more powerful than me.
They are?...Are you kidding?!
No, not this time.
If you're to stand any
chance of beating them...
that means your powers
will have to surpass mine
by the time you leave here...
Your work's cut out for you!
Well.. I suppose we
should get started.
Bubbles!.. Come over
here, please!
[monkey sounds]
First thing's first...
You'll need to get accustomed
to the increased gravity here.
So your first exercise
is to catch Bubbles.
I'll warn you, you'll have to
be quick; he's pretty spry.
If you can't at least do that,
you might as well
just give up now.
Sure...Whatever you say.
Okay, Bubbles.. Get moving!
Wait! Slow.. down!
[Goku] Stupid monkey!
This is impossible!
Stop!
Okay...That's it!
You're goin' down!
That's better. I'm.. so..
gonna.. catch.. you!
[Kai] I didn't realize
he was already
wearing weighted training gear!
There's no way you're gonna
get away from me this time!
[Narrator] And so, at long
last, Goku's intense physical
training has begun! Will he
ever be able to overcome
the ten-times gravity on
this tiny little planet?..
Or will his training with
King Kai come to an end
almost as quickly as it
started? Only time will tell.
But time is running out! One
hundred fifty eight days remain
until the Saiyans
reach planet Earth...
The clock is ticking--next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Live your life don't stop
until it's done, ♪
♪ once you live for love, then
you've already won. ♪
♪ When I look up through the
infinite sky, ♪
♪ I never thought that it could
come to this. ♪
♪ Just take my hand and together
we'll fly. ♪
♪ Lets go, I know how high. ♪
♪ Soar above the clouds, and see
such beauty all around. ♪
♪ This irreplaceable world needs
us now. ♪
♪ We have to join
in the fight! ♪
♪ Music fades out ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Man, I'm in big trouble if
I can't catch that monkey!
[Kai] No, you'll never
do it like that!
It's like it says right here
on this can of orange juice..
Concentrate!
[Goku] Huh?
[Kai]You should leave
your weights on!
You'll get more out
of it that way.
Okay, now that's funny!...
Next time on Dragon
Ball Z Kai:
The Battle With
Ten-Times Gravity!
Goku's Race Against the Clock!
[Gohan] Gee, I sure hope my Dad
is still okay...